---
external help file: Microsoft.Tools.WindowsInstaller.PowerShell.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: MSI
online version:
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Set-MSILoggingPolicy

## SYNOPSIS
Sets the Windows Installer logging policy.

## SYNTAX

```
Set-MSILoggingPolicy [-LoggingPolicy] <LoggingPolicies> [-PassThru] [-Raw] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The Windows Installer logging policy determines whether logs are generated by default and how much information they contain.
This cmdlet sets the logging policy and can return the logging modes as a collection of strings or the raw string value from the registry if -passthru is specified.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1
```powershell
PS C:\> {{ Add example code here }}
```

{{ Add example description here }}

## PARAMETERS

### -LoggingPolicy
The logging mode to set in the registry.
If "ExtraDebug" or "x" are set, the Debug policy is also set to 7; however, if neither are set the current Debug policy is not removed.

This can be a combination of "None", "ActionData", "ActionStart", "CommonData", "Error", "ExtraDebug", "FatalExit", "Information", "OutOfDiskSpace", "PropertyDump", "User", "Verbose", "Warning", "All", and "FlushEachLine"; or you can specify the Windows Installer command line options consisting of any combination of the characters "voicewarmupx!".

Note that "All" does not include "FlushEachLine", but is equivalent to "voicewarmupx".

```yaml
Type: LoggingPolicies
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -PassThru
Returns the logging modes set in the registry.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Raw
Along with -passthru, returns the raw string value from the registry.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable.
For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### string

### string[]

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[Get-MSILoggingPolicy](get-msiloggingpolicy)

[Remove-MSILoggingPolicy](remove-msiloggingpolicy)

